# 2018-12-04 Meeting Notes

## Agenda
* Status update from the last meeting
  - Transition from RedMine to Git Issues - on track for Jan 1 completion?
    - Scott needs to schedule a meeting to discuss what tickets (or all) are to be migrated.  
    - The mechanism for tagging tickets to migrate is complete and ready for the migration.
    - Hayabusa2 mission work has taken precedence and the January 1 target cut over may need to be pushed back.
  - Community communication: Discourse (up and running?), Gitter, GitIssues, GitProjects
    - astro-discuss.wr.usgs.gov - internal only dev setup that does not yet support GitHub logins
    - astrodiscuss.usgs.gov - cleared through USGS, their security scan found 4 medium issues. IT has resolved 2 so far. Working on the other 2 currently with DOI HQ.
* ASC Technical Steering Committee
  - Presentation (Governance Models)
  - Review draft governance model
    - https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/TSC
    - README
    - Charter
    - Working Groups
    - Other?
    - Who is / will be contributing to ASC software
    - Setup first TSC meeting

## Notes

- Follow-up from the Last meeting
    - Transitioning Redmine to Git Issues
    - We need to have a meeting to decide what issues we move from one to another
    - What information

- Discourse is up and running internally
    - It is a proof of concept to work out any DOI issues
    - IT has cleared Astro Discuss (astrodiscuss.usgs.gov)
    - Ran the scan and had 4 issues that were easy to address
    - Our TLS certificates are almost approved, and then we will be able to make this forum open to the public
    - Set up with OAuth2, so everyone can use their GitHub handles


- Presentation
    - Why shift to an Open Source model?
    - Transparency
    - Efficacy – building bomber correct software all the time – Jay
    - Participation – want an active ecosystem of contributors
    - Need a governance model to grow this community in a sustainable way.

    - The instant you interact with Git Issues – you are a contributor
    - The instant you submit a pull request and merge one successfully – you are a committer
    - The TSC – don’t want issues to raise to the TSC very often; Issues will hopefully be easily resolved within the community.

    - Hiring committers doesn’t scale well

    - Want to break down as many barriers as possible

    - One of the primary drivers for participation in an Open Source is recognition – open recognition for their expertise and contribution

    - We (Astro as a building) are learning to be community leaders – major paradigm shift

    - The broadest set of contributors should have merge rights (one good, non-trivial commit gets you merge rights)
    - Ross disagrees.
      - Jay’s answer to why:
      - Like to get rid of the bottleneck
      - Take advantage of the mechanism Git has in place to back out bad decisions
      - Like to build a community that has power and ownership of this code base
      - Ross’s concern – wants there to be a required review of the code.

    - Astro does not want to turn into a code review maintenance shop

    - Committer rights can be retracted, if they are not upholding the level of efficacy that the community has agreed to.
        - This retraction could then be the decision of the TSC

    - Jesse - The auto-merge after a few days says to the community, if you push code to this community, we will merge it unless we see an issue.

    - Node.js – interesting parallels between Node.js and Astro
      - Large
      - Modular
      - Community where many, but not all, are corporate funded

    - Tyler – can see where we would get committers where they just want one aspect of the code set fixed.  Important thing is to have a broader vision to not mangle ISIS and the code base.
    - Jesse – make a good point. Have had issues in the past where people throw code at ISIS that is not of sufficient quality.
    - The example given may pass unit tests. The quality of the review
    - Summer – is there concern with people in the same mission reviewing one another’s code?

    - In the governance document, requirements for review are outlined

    - Jesse – there are many pitfalls in ISIS, as compared to the rest of our software. It is difficult for people to have an expertise in the ISIS code base.
        - Need to have good processes to resolve those things.  One is an active community.  The flipside is having continuous integration testing, having a short release schedule so that we can push out fixes quickly.
        - If you want to have a really liberal policy, we need to have seat belts and airbags.

    - Jay – Not seeking to put the maintenance burden solely on Astro.  We are in a position where we are funded to do some of that for some of our time, and we are good at it.  But we want to do things other than be code maintainers.

    - Testing will be critical.
    - Training and education will be critical. – what education is needed?
    - Jay – throwing out a framework.  A Technical Steering Committee needs to make decisions on how this community will operate, and this framework is meant to be a starting point.
    - The TSC is the group that is empowered to address the how.

    - Summer – what are the requirements for code coverage?  That is for the TSC to determine.

- Technical Steering Committee
    - empowered to determine the how
    - ASC Management team – manages the vision and technical direction, and helping to support the what.  
    - ASC Core – currently ISIS3
    - We have dependent projects – dependent on ASC Core, but under the same governance project that as core
    - We have projects adjacent to core – not dependent, but uses some of the core

    - Astro management team is empowering the TSC to do this job.

    - The Node.js model does not allow more than 25% of the TSC to work at the same company, wants to cover at least 4 time zones, be from at least 6 countries. The point of this is to try to increase diversity.
    - It would be good to see what diversity-increasing mechanisms would be appropriate and reasonable for the planetary community.

    - [Thomas Roatsch](https://www.dlr.de/pf/en/desktopdefault.aspx/tabid-156/220_read-4833/sortby-lastname/) – someone from DLR, a long time ISIS user from DLR that Michael Aye suggested would most likely participate in the TSC 
    - Victor from ASU has also contributed

- Topics for Discussion
    - How to communicate these ideas to the planetary community and solicit participation in this community?

    - Ross – we need a chairperson
    - Michael – PRs for meeting items.  This is AWESOME!

- Next Actions:
    - Open Issues in the TSC repository
    - Robin – link to documents so that I can be a contributor
    - Jay – set up a meeting time for the next meeting (Monday/Tuesday after AGU)
    - Jay – set up a pull request framework for TSC issues (isn’t this the repository that was just created?)
    - Tell all your friends
    - How else might we solicit feedback?
