# TSC Meeting 2019 October 8th @12PM MST.
- Zoom Link: https://zoom.us/j/331673177
### Attending
- @jessemapel
- @kmichaelaye
- @rbeyer
- @andrewannex
- @victoronline
- @jlaura

## Agenda / Notes
- @rbeyer: Nag about reviewing. Did we get notified? General consensus was yes.
- Action Items that were not completed from last time
  - Update documentation about project lifecycle to clarify ownership and stewardship/advisement. Docs need more "feel good" language?
    - Update project documentation, more feel good language
    - Not sure what the action item is/was on this
    - @victoronline: Not sure, think we will go through and make some changes to the language. Some covered in the writing simple stories and clarification of ownership.
    - @rbeyer - sounds like this is done. General agreement. 
- Issue #18 action, incomplete, see below
  - we need to get this closed
  - General offer of help here.
  - @vktr - was not sure where the best place to find things is. We do not have a great overview of the process/policies. Can find everything, but no single overview location.
  - We need to wrestle [#18](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/18) to the ground, somehow.
  - @jessemapel - maybe best to start with the README to get a high level overview and then go from there.
  - @victoronline - README can reduce the confusion on what the different components are
  - @jessemapel - maybe make a top level projects doc similar to the WG documents. General agreement.
  - @kmichaelaye - Capitalization one something - need to fix links; will fix as they are found 
- How can we improve the application process?
  - Do we have more details about this?
  - The application process is unclear in some places. We have a general desire to improve this, but nothing specific.
  - General concern to have on our minds, but nothing to do at this time.
  - Do we have a single place where someone would start from?
- ISIS application status (@jessemapel)
  - @jessemapel - has not organized a meeting yet
  - @rbeyer - should we keep this on the agenda. Yes.
- Working Groups and Top Level Projects
  - @jessemapel - why have a working group? We are currently, just supporting top level projects. We could add a working group in the future
  - @kmichaelaye - under the impression working groups were quite focused. Is the TSC so high level it would never have a working group.
  - @jessemapel - can see opportunity to have a working group, cross project need for improving build systems
  - @rbeyer - worthwhile to leave these as conceptual things and they do different things. These are poorly defined at the moment.
  - @kmichaelaye - 
  - @jessemapel - maybe split the documents into a working groups area and a top level project area
  - @kmichaelaye - sounds like breaking these up might help. Not understanding if we have a process difference for being a working group vs being a top level project. 
  -  @rbeyer - for a project, gathering info about code, stats. For a working group, here are n-people that have a goal. Working groups are transient. Projects are longer lived.
  - @jmapel	Working groups act as a mini-TSC where they meet, vote, etc. Top level projects govern themselves as they see fit. General agreement.
  - @rbeyer - want to have both top level and working groups. Need to have improved documentation.
  - @jessemapel - willing to take on breaking top level projects out.
  - @andrewannex - do we have to break this up and make it super granular?  Advocating for simplicity.
  - @rbeyer - advocating for looking at the separation
  - @jessemapel - worthwhile decomposing and then determine where best to recombine for simplicity. General agreement on lots of commonality.
  - @rbeyer - Issue #18 - base police migration. 
  - @jessemapel - pretty sure that these policies are for projects and not working groups
- PDARTs and Sarah (@jlaura)
  - Need to send email. Sparse notes - general agreement, we can help. Someone else fill in if desired. 
- We have some hanging PRs that need review: [#52](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/pull/52) & [#57](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/pull/57)
  - #52 - Jesse will take over
- Organization Ownership [#55](https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/55)
  - #55 - Everyone should be admins on the org (Done)
- Stewardship vs Advisement and Ross's wacky idea for eliminating the difference [#50] (https://github.com/planetarysoftware/TSC/issues/50)
  - @rbeyer - Projects under advisement vs. projects under stewardship. Maybe we donâ€™t need a distinction. 
  - long conversation about not seeking any ownership
  - need to be explicit that a TSC person is an advisor - current language can be much more explicit
  - Concept in how do I start a top level project? Also in the readme. This needs clarification. 
  - Who are we vs. what we do?
  - @jessemapel and @victoronline write simple stories about how the TSC can help?
  - @sgstapleton will update the README with the application acceptance criteria #52, see below
- PlanetaryPy status (@michaelaye)
  - @kmichaelaye - good conversation with @rbeyer and @andrewannex. Lots of good software, looks like low activity, possible combine, etc. Sent email on Thursday / Friday to all of the members of the organization. Head back from Chase (positive) and Trevor (sporadic time, would like to understand where he can help). Next step to move documents over to the organization. Do we have a step-by-step here?
  - @jessemapel - maybe adjust the bootstrap policies as a starting point
  - @kmichaelaye - will first invite stakeholders and then get a Q&A going for the technical committee and TSC. Would like to have telecons.
  - @rbeyer - responses have been positive - PlPy is going to go forth and determine submitting an application
## Discussions expected at next meeting
- ISIS application
- PlanetyaryPy Application
- Sarah/Meagan Response
- Other TDB
## Action Items
- Think about submitting something at LPSC and PSIDA
- @jessemapel - take over #52
- @jessemapel to split top level and working groups 
- @jlaura will ping Megan Thompson - try get a list of the issues that are being faced from a software perspective from the different R&A sub-panels. Do they have specific software projects that are of concern? Do we have a list of projects that have been funded and are then gone?
- @jessemapel #18 - will modify the readme instead of trying to globally reorganize 
- @jlaura - make the TSC team owners of the repo
- README 
  - @vktr - emphasis on control/ownership/TSC overview 
  - @jessemapel - Top Level Project / Submission
  - @kmichaelaye - review PR @rbeyer - review PR @jlaura - review PR
