# TSC Meeting January 22, 2019 @12PM MST

# Postponed on account of the partial government shutdown. New meeting to be scheduled after its conclusion.

## [Hangouts Link](https://hangouts.google.com/hangouts/_/doi.gov/jlaura)


## Agenda
- Applications and Testing: We recently pushed all of the additional code for the ASC Core[ISIS3] applications into the main ISIS3 library. Should this code be in a separate library along with the application code? See [Issue](https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/ISIS3/issues/600).
- How do we want to number release candidates? See last meeting's Release Roadmap discussion.
- What is a feature change? What is a bug fix?
- What should feature change logs look like? Last meeting we discussed a way to flag changes as feature changes and how that will impact version numbers. We should use this to generate high-level feature change logs for users.
- Do we want to impose requirements on contributions that fall into different categories?

## Notes

### Attending
