# TSC Meeting June 18, 2019 @7PM MST

## First all-in-person meeting, location Drury Inn, Flagstaff.

## Agenda / Notes
  - Action items from last meeting seem not to have been carried out?  True?
  - Ratify the TLDR (What was this acronym again?)
  - Identify orgs / repos to reach out to
  - Identify working group, e.g., ISIS WG

### Attending
  - Andrew
  - Jesse
  - Summer
  - Jay
  - Ross
  - Michael
  - Victor

### Action items from last time
  - Not much got done from the last meeting
    - Migrate TSC repo to new org still needs to be done
    - Jay will do this, again
  - Still need a TLDR
    - We are an advisory council that is focused on enabling planetary software
    - We provide governance frameworks for other projects
    - The low hanging fruit is interoperability. We can provide a venue for this discussion.
      - See Trent's PR
    - You can ask for feedback and help without joining
    - We are a resource to the community, we are not the community
    - We are the planetary software orphanage
      - We won't maintain it, but we'll help you find a community to maintain it
      - People are not putting things out in the public because they are afraid they will have to support it forever
    - Jesse will write a few sentence elevator pitch
    - At the next meeting we will blow that out into more detailed documentation
      - People will be afraid of gotchas
    - Our audience is software developers not software users
      - This is a fuzzy boundary because user experience is valuable
  - Calendar
    - Someone non-gov needs to do this
    - Ross will create a calendar
      - Which e-mails?
      - Ross will create this
      - There will be a click-to-join link

### TLDR
  - Jesse will write a TLDR to be approved next week

### Which repos / orgs to reach out to

  - SpiceyPy is interested but doesn't want to be the first
    - Happy to say they are planetary software affiliated
    - If SpicePy moves under PlanetaryPy will be decided later
  - ISIS is on-board with this
    - Needs to maintain some amount of control for management at ASC
  - Not all repos will be migrating
  - Are there other projects not in Python that would be interested?
    - ASP probably
    - ASC would like this for all of their open source packages
    - Ruby SPICE wrapper from LROC
  - Who needs to endorse us?
  - Why don't we start with ISIS?
    - Make more generic
  - It's ISIS
    - Generalize the governance documents so they don't talk about ASC at all
  - Next target other projects
    - Create a github status badge (Andrew's after next month)

### PlanetaryPy

  - No one knows what is going on with PlanetaryPy
  - People want something that works like AstroPy
    - Is this too distributed?
    - There is no common fine grain idea
  - No one is willing to stand up and govern PlanetaryPy
    - Why don't we just make it happen?
  - Become stewards of PlanetaryPy
    - Need to evaluate the current state
    - Come up with a vision in the year
    - Michael has a bubble diagram
    - No one needs to sign off on this, so we're going to just move forward
    - Need to involve the old people who worked on it
      - They become members of the PlanetaryPy steering Committee
  - Tabled until we get a generic governance model figured out
    - Once documents are vetted, fork TSC repo to PlanetaryPy

## Discussions for next meeting
  - Example stewardship and guidance relationships
  - Setup ISIS Steering Committee
  - Setup PlanetaryPy Steering Committee
  - Flesh out the different elements of the TLDR in larger documents

## Action Items
  - Migrate the TSC repo to the PlanterySoftware org (Jay)
  - Start making the governance documents generic (all)
  - Review the current governance documents (all)
  - Document the current state of PlanetaryPy
  - Get Michael's bubble chart (Michael)
  - Write a few sentence TLDR (Jesse)
  - Create a google calendar for meetings and post a link (Ross)
  - Create a github status badge for using TSC governance documents

## Next Meeting
  - ?
