# TSC Meeting May 14, 2019 @12PM MST

## [Zoom Link](https://zoom.us/j/814763419)

## Agenda / Notes

- Need name ideas for new organization
  - agreed to have an overarching organization for OS software for planetary science. We have this, but it is tied to USGS, so non-ideal.
  - Options for names are on #43
  - The Thing: Planetary Software
  - The people: Planetary Software Steering Committee (More focus on the people, less on the policy)
  - Consortium is a target for the super heroes, so we need to make sure not to get the Marvel folks after us.
  - Need to check the acronym for other uses
  - Need to check urban dictionary...
  - Ross has another name: ORRERY (a mechanical model of the solar system). Orrery Foundation? 
  - Descriptive name vs. single name
- Role of the organization
  - Consult, advise, provide owernship, support of projects that maintainers no longer wish to maintain or would like help maintaining.
  - What are the repos/projects that are under the scope of this organization?
    - TSC Repository - Likely a straight migrations. How is this goverened? We will need to modify / scrub the documents in order to clean up and remove the ASC specific items as the scope is larger.
    - ISIS Working Group Repository
    - 
- Migration of governance documents and updated scopes
  -  Done above.
  
- Data Workshop Face-to-face to next meeting date
  - Need to get a meeting scheduled during the DUW. The schedule is posted. 

- Organization Membership
  - Anyone is invited and welcome to join
  - Admin permission are part of steering membership
  - Any projects under that are project dependent - the TSC docs specify that the project is free to set up their own governance if they like.
  - Need some way to link this org to other orgs, e.g., planetarypy.
    - NodeJS has links, check them out.
- Need to build documents about what this is and what value it brings to projects. Having this as a TLDR would be pretty valuable.

### Attending
 - jmapel, sgstapleton, rbeyer, andrewannex, jlaura, victoronline
 
## Discussions for next meeting
  - Ratify the TLDR
  - Identify orgs / repos to reach out to
  - Identify working group, e.g., ISIS WG
  
## Action Items
  - Migrate the TSC repo to the Planetary Software Steering Committee repo (jlaura)
  - TLDR Issue - who are we and what do we provide? (jlaura)
  - Calendar invites (jesse)
  - 

  
## Next Meeting
  - Tuesday, 6.18 @ 7PM. Location TBD. (Then, The Annex?)
