# TSC Meeting April 9, 2019 @12PM MST

## [Zoom Link](https://zoom.us/j/346461536)

## Agenda
- Organizing a planetary science software group (https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/TSC/issues/28).
- New TSC membership - Andrew Annex, Victor Silva
- PlanetaryPy: Update on the conversation with Austin G., Andrew A., Chase M., T. Hare, and J. Laura (https://github.com/USGS-Astrogeology/TSC/pull/36).
>    As a non-TSC member, and discussed by the group listed in this agenda, I would like to see (taking guidance from the Astropy effort):
>    1. PlanetaryPy become a community effort to develop a core package for planetary research using the Python programming language.
>    1. Have this help to improve usability, interoperability, and collaboration between planetary-related Python packages.
>    1.  Austin, the current owner of PlanetaryPy, has initially agree to allow the namespace be used for these purposes. https://github.com/planetarypy Initial repositories to be maintained would be PVL. Others I would like to see maintained but probably with a need for updating would be planetaryimage, planetary_test_data, and possibly pdsview (but looking at other available viewers also available like pds4_viewer).
>    1. Have the TSC (or group defined to PlanetaryPy) help to define "core" needs -- or various classes, utilities, and a packaging framework intended to provide commonly-used planetary research tools. For example bringing in SpiceyPy, perhaps other exiting code like Small Body Node's Python_PDS4_Tools, etc. http://sbndev.astro.umd.edu/wiki/Python_PDS4_Tools
>    1. Possibly look at the astropy method of including "affiliated packages." An affiliated package would be a planetary-related python package that is not part of the PlanetaryPy core source code, but has been requested to be included.
>    1. To help move this forward as a sustained community project, look at housing converted or future mission pipelines (e.g. Mars2020, HiRISE) under PlanetaryPy.
>
> -- Trent Hare


## Notes

### Attending
 - Jay Laura
 - Summer Stapleton
 - Jesse Mapel
 - Ross Beyer
 - Kelvin Rodriguez
 - Victor Silva
 - Michael Aye

### New membership

 - Victor present
   - Software Developer at LROC/ASU
   - Motion to accept into TSC
   - No motions against
   - Victor will open a PR adding himself to the membership roster
 - Andrew not present
   - Membership vote pushed to next meeting
   - Jay will contact via e-mail to make sure he can attend

### PlanetaryPy & A broader scope for the TSC

 - Not currently active. Could be subsumed as a starting point for a shared planetary software pool
 - Some people have suggested open planetary
   - USGS has issues with commercial aspects of open planetary
   - They are incorporated in such a way that it's an ethics issue for the USGS to contribute monetarily to the organization
   - We cannot direct funds through open planetary
 - Ends with -py
   - Will this restrict us to Python?
   - Not necessarily, other -py packages have non Python things in them
 - Ross: Do we want to expand the TSC scope?
 - Michael: Begin working on a mindmap to push around ideas of how this could work
 - Jesse: Already have guidelines for accepting new projects
 - Jay: I am fine moving towards a large scope
 - How does the USGS stand on moving to a bigger scope and not being in control?
   - The USGS gets more benefit out of a larger community tent
   - USGS involvement in and commitment to the TSC will continue as it has so far
 - There is consensus on widening the scope
   - What now?
   - The TSC is hosted under the USGS-Astrogeology organization
   - We should migrate to a new repo that is outside of the USGS
   - One option is moving this to the PlanetaryPy organization
     - Ross: not a great option because it implies Python only
   - Open planetary is another option
     - Ethical problems for USGS and contracting
   - We make something new
     - For next meeting, need name ideas
     - Start with ISIS and PlanetaryPy
     - Potential next project would be SpiceyPy, need to get Andrew involved in this

## Discussions for next meeting

 - Andrew Annex Membership
 - Need name ideas for new organization
 - Migration of governance documents and updated scopes

## Next Meeting

 - Either May 7th or May 14th at Noon MST (-7 UTC)
